0.  How many different colors does each format support?
JPG (24 bits per pixel or 3 bytes per pixel) supports 16.7 million colors.
PNG supports 16.7 million colors.
GIF supports 256 colors.

1.  Which of the formats supports animation?
GIF supports animation.

2.  What’s the difference between lossy and lossless compression?
With lossless compression, every single bit of data that was originally in the 
file remains after the file is uncompressed. All of the information is completely restored. 
Lossy compression reduces a file by permanently eliminating certain information, 
especially redundant information. Lossy compression is generally used for video and sound.

3.  Which of these formats is lossy-compressed?
JPG is lossy-compressed.

4.  What happens, technically speaking, when a file is deleted on a FAT file system?
The metadata that pointed to the file is rewritten, but he disk blocks containing 
the file’s contents are still intact.

5.  What can someone like you do to ensure (with high probability) that files you delete cannot be recovered?
To ensure that files cannot be recovered, the magnetic platter is destroyed 
by disintegrating, incinerating, pulverizing, shredding, or melting

6.  What’s stdint.h?
The <stdint.h> header "defines a set of integral type aliases with specific width requirements, 
along with macros specifying their limits and macro functions to create values of these types."
(http://www.cplusplus.com/reference/cstdint/)

7.  What’s the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program?
uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t specify that variables are as an unsigned 8 bit integer, 
unsigned 32 bit integer, signed 32 bit integer, and unsigned 16 bit integer, respectively. 

8.  How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively?
BYTE = 1 byte, DWORD = 4 bytes, LONG = 4 bytes, and WORD = 2 bytes.

9.  What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be? 
The first 2 bytes of the BMP file format are "B" and "M" in ASCII encoding (Decimal: 19778 
hexadecimal: 0x4d42).

10. What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?
bfSize is the size of the whole bmp file (in bytes), including the headers.
biSize is the size of the BITMAPINFOHEADER structure (40 bytes). 
 
11. What does it mean if biHeight is negative?
If biHeight is negative, the bitmap is a top-down DIB (device independent bitmap) 
and its origin is the upper-left corner.

12. What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?
biBitCount specifies the BMP’s color depth.

13. Why might fopen return NULL in copy.c:37?
fopen will return NULL if the address of a input file doesn't exist.  

14. Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?
fread() reads one element with a block size of size bytes at a time.

15. What value does copy.c:70 assign padding if bi.biWidth is 3?
The value of padding is 3 bytes if bi.biWidth is 3 pixels (9 bytes), which is not multiple of 4 bytes.  
9 bytes + 3 bytes = 12 bytes.

16. What does fseek do?
"The fseek function is used to change the file position of the stream stream. 
The value of whence must be one of the constants SEEK_SET, SEEK_CUR, or SEEK_END, 
to indicate whether the offset is relative to the beginning of the file, 
the current file position, or the end of the file, respectively." (http://www.gnu.org)

17. What is SEEK_CUR?
SEEK_CUR is the current position of the file pointer.

18. Whodunit?
The face of a man.
